Add note about System.NET.Http breaking change (#43567)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/overview.md

    <Using Include="System.IO.Pipes" />
  </ItemGroup>
  ```

> System.Net.Http is [no longer included](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/compatibility/sdk/8.0/implicit-global-using-netfx) in Microsoft.NET.Sdk when targeting .NET Framework starting in the .NET 8 SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
> Starting with the .NET 8 SDK, <xref:System.Net.Http> is [no longer included](../compatibility/sdk/8.0/implicit-global-using-netfx.md) in `Microsoft.NET.Sdk` when targeting .NET Framework.
```
